NoDocker/README.md, before:

# Instruction for building a conda environment for SFX phasing on Cori

While the long-term goal is to use Shifter, we provide here a way to do without it, using a Conda environment only.

## Installation

### 1. install conda
```bash
cd sfxPhasing/Docker/conda.local
. sites/default.sh
./install_conda.sh
chmod +x env.sh
chmod +x env.local
sync
./env.sh
```

### 2. create the sfx conda environment
```bash
cd sfxPhasing
source Docker/conda.local/env.sh
conda create --name sfx --file requirements.txt
conda env list
```

### 3. activate the sfx conda environment
```bash
source activate sfx
conda env list
```

### 4. install crystallography libraries

see [autosfx-dependencies](https://github.com/slaclab/autosfx-dependencies)

## Usage
```bash
source /.../sfxPhasing/Docker/conda.local/env.local
source activate sfx
source /.../ccp4-7.1/bin/ccp4.setup-sh
source /.../source /global/cfs/cdirs/lcls/fpoitevi/Software/autosfx-dependencies/phenix-installer-1.18.2-3874-intel-linux-2.6-x86_64-centos6/phenix-1.18.2-3874/phenix_env.sh
```

Commit message:

added more details on PATHs in NoDocker README

NoDocker/README.md, after:

# Instruction for building a conda environment for SFX phasing on Cori

While the long-term goal is to use Shifter, we provide here a way to do without it, using a Conda environment only.

## Installation

### 1. install conda
```bash
cd sfxPhasing/Docker/conda.local
. sites/default.sh
./install_conda.sh
chmod +x env.sh
chmod +x env.local
sync
./env.sh
```

### 2. create the sfx conda environment
```bash
cd sfxPhasing
source Docker/conda.local/env.sh
conda create --name sfx --file requirements.txt
conda env list
```

### 3. activate the sfx conda environment
```bash
source activate sfx
conda env list
```

### 4. install crystallography libraries

see [autosfx-dependencies](https://github.com/slaclab/autosfx-dependencies)

## Usage
Noting `SFX_PHASING_PATH` and `SFX_DEPS_PATH` the absolute paths to `sfxPhasing` and `autosfx-dependencies` directories, load the environment as follows:
```bash
source $SFX_PHASING_PATH/Docker/conda.local/env.local
source activate sfx
source $SFX_DEPS_PATH/ccp4-7.1/bin/ccp4.setup-sh
source $SFX_DEPS_PATH/phenix-installer-1.18.2-3874-intel-linux-2.6-x86_64-centos6/phenix-1.18.2-3874/phenix_env.sh
```
